Is it really 13 seats?
Seventh-grade Huangnai person Sun Er youth nerve
The royal army can do it
Never believe
Meijiao
To be kicked out of this heinous act
The truth, my lord, is that you still don't believe it
Do you only have a son-in-law in your eyes?
No, Your Majesty?
Go ahead, Your Majesty
The grandmother and grandchildren believe that a prince should be established immediately
Hmph, you are too impatient
Do you think His Majesty can't save you?
It may be that Hong Fu Qi Tian can naturally live
But I can't live without a king for a day
Then wait until His Majesty wakes up
I've been here these days.
It's messed up.
ice and snow
Have to complain to you